[14.0] [mig] hr_holidays_public (#19)
OCA/hr-holidays: hr_holidays_public/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

> Go to *Leaves -> Configuration* and open a Leave Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to *Time Off -> Configuration -> Time Off Types* and open a Leave Type
```
